drivers: sensor: meas: MS5611 Driver Support (#73615)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-3.7.rst

Sensors
=======

* The :dtcompatible:`meas,ms5607` sensor driver has been changed to support

>   either the MS5611 sensor too. :dtcompatible:`meas,ms5607` is now renamed to
>   :dtcompatible:`meas,ms5611`, in order to be more generic. The DT attribute ``chip``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  also the MS5611 sensor. :dtcompatible:`meas,ms5607` is now renamed to
  :dtcompatible:`meas,ms56xx`, in order to be more generic. The DT attribute ``chip``
```
?

Author: Updated and will push once I figure out how to address the other PR comment. Thanks for pointing this out.
